#Segment Driver

1/3/26: I have been working on the segment driver schematics prior to recieving the breakout board that I desgined as a proof of concept. Working with the breakout was difficult for me to design the PCB as I had initally just lined up the outputs of the 74HC595 to the a3909 in alphabetical/order of segments. But once I got to the actual pcb I realized that with the actual physical locations of the pins on each IC, it creates routing complexity to have each one line up nice and neat. To create convenience I ended up rearranging where the inputs/outputs are, and in the final connector to the actual digit, it is not in order of segment. Moving onto the final board I recognize that this may be a problem, but I have still temporarily put them in alphabetical order for ease, and will also rearrange later to create the least routing complexity. So long as each set/reset pin is coupled together on the final connector to the digit, there should be no issue with routing the digit hat that I can foresee.
Initially when copying over the design to the final board I had assumed that there would be soem way to share the same 4 a3909 drivers between all 4 digits (4 a3909 required per digit). I quickly realized it would be electrically impossible to gate the outputs without a convoluted system of mosfets in between the shift registers and the drivers (ie 56+ mosfets). Therefore I decided to dedicate a single driver output to a single segment set (Now having 14 a3909 with 2 output each). Next I wanted to eliminate the pulldown resistors on the driver inputs, therefore I needed a way to disable driver when not in use. This would only be effective if there were enables for each digit rather than a global enable for all drivers. The additional consequence of this meant that I could share the shift register outputs between all drivers as only the drivers for the current digit will be powered during a pulse.